# BRICS_3D - 3D Perception and Modeling Library
              

What is it?
-----------
 
BRICS_3D is the BRICS library for 3D perception and modeling. It offers perception
algorithms to create a processing chain for object recognition or environment reconstruction 
(e.g. triangle representation) via data from 3D sensors. 
	
Beside the algorithms for perception the BRICS_3D library implements a novel scene graph based
world modeling approach to maintain the processed 3D data over a longer period of time.	 
This library is biased towards 3D perception and modeling for mobile manipulation applications. 


Project website
---------------

For the latest documentation pages please go to:

http://www.best-of-robotics.org/brics_3d/


Installation
------------

Please see the file called INSTALL.txt for detailed instructions. As an 
overview you will need to satisfy (at least) the required dependencies: 

   1. Boost 1.37 (or higher)
   2. Eigen2 2.0.13 (or higher, Eigen3 is recommended)

Then compile with:

```
 $ mkdir build
 $ cd build 
 $ cmake ..
 $ make
 $ sudo make install
```


Folder structure
----------------

* "src" contains the main source code
* "examples" contains the test applications and serves as a development sand box
* "lib" contains the compiled libraries
* "bin" contains all compiled binaries (which are linked against the libraries)
* "doc" contains the html files generated by doxgen (just invoke doxygen BRICS_3D.doxyfile)
* "externals" contains the (modified) external libraries and some cmake scripts (to check prerequisites)
* "build" for out-of-source build with cmake


Documentation
-------------

This software is documented with doxygen. To generate html files use:

```
 $ doxygen BRICS_3D.doxyfile
```

The result can be found in the subfolder: doc/html

Licensing
---------

This software is published under a dual-license: GNU Lesser General Public
License LGPL 2.1 and Modified BSD license. The dual-license implies that
users of this code may choose which terms they prefer. Please see the files
called LGPL-2.1 and BSDlicense.

Acknowledgements
----------------

This work was supported by the European FP7 projects BRICS (FP7- ICT-231940) and SHERPA (FP7-600958).


Impressum
---------

Written by Sebastian Blumenthal (blumenthal@locomotec.com)
Last update: 14.02.2014

